ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 8  1. COTS is known as  A. Commercial off the shelf software B. Compliance of the software C. Change control of the software D. Capable off the shelf software  2. From the below given choices, which one is the ‘Confidence testing’  A. Sanity testing  B. System testing C. Smoke testing  D. Regression testing  3. ‘Defect Density’ calculated in terms of  A. The number of defects identified in a component or system divided by the size of the component or the system B. The number of defects found by a test phase divided by the number found by that test phase and any other means after wards C. The number of defects identified in the component or system divided by the number of defects found by a test phase D. The number of defects found by a test phase divided by the number found by the size of the system  4. ‘Be bugging’ is known as  A. Preventing the defects by inspection B. Fixing the defects by debugging C. Adding known defects by seeding  D. A process of fixing the defects by tester  5. An expert based test estimation is also known as  A. Narrow band Delphi B. Wide band Delphi C. Bespoke Delphi D. Robust Delphi  6. When testing a grade calculation system, a tester determines that all scores from 90 to 100 will yield a grade of A, but scores below 90 will not. This analysis is known as:   A. Equivalence partitioning  B. Boundary value analysis C. Decision table D. Hybrid analysis  7. All of the following might be done during unit testing except   A. Desk check B. Manual support testing C. Walk-through D. Compiler based testing    8. What is the concept of introducing a small change to the program and having the effects of that change show up in some test?  A. Introducing mutations B. Performance testing C. A mutation error D. Debugging a program   9. Which of the following characteristics is primarily associated with software re-usability?   A. The extent to which the software can be used in other applications B. The extent to which the software can be used by many different users C. The capability of the software to be moved to a different platform D. The capability of one system to be coupled with another system  10. Which of the following software change management activities is most vital to assessing the impact of proposed software modifications?  A. Baseline identification  B. Configuration auditing C. Change control  D. Version control  11. Which of the following statements is true about a software verification and validation program?   I. It strives to ensure that quality is built into software. II. It provides management with insights into the state of a software project. III. It ensures that alpha, beta, and system tests are performed. IV. It is executed in parallel with software development activities.  A. I, II&III B.II, III&IV C.I, II&IV D.I, III&IV  12. Which of the following is a requirement of an effective software environment?   I. Ease of use II. Capacity for incremental implementation III. Capability of evolving with the needs of a project IV. Inclusion of advanced tools  A.I, II &III B.I, II &IV C.II, III&IV D.I, III&IV  13. A test manager wants to use the resources available for the automated testing of a web application. The best choice is   A. Test automater, web specialist, DBA, test lead B. Tester, test automater, web specialist, DBA C. Tester, test lead, test automater, DBA D. Tester, web specialist, test lead, test automater  14. A project manager has been transferred to a major software development project that is in the implementation phase. The highest priority for this project manager should be to  A. Establish a relationship with the customer B. Learn the project objectives and the existing project plan. C. Modify the project’ s organizational structure to meet the manager’ s management style. D. Ensure that the project proceeds at its current pace    15. Change X requires a higher level of authority than Change Y in which of the following pairs?   Change X Change Y A. Code in development Code in production B. Specifications during requirements analysis Specifications during systems test C. Documents requested by the technical development group Documents requested by customers D. A product distributed to several sites A product with a single user   16. Which of the following functions is typically supported by a software quality information system?  I. Record keeping II. System design III. Evaluation scheduling IV. Error reporting  A.I, II&III B.II, III &IV C.I, III &IV D.I, II & IV  17. During the testing of a module tester ‘X’ finds a bug and assigned it to developer. But developer rejects the same, saying that it’s not a bug. What ‘X’ should do?   A. Report the issue to the test manager and try to settle with the developer. B. Retest the module and confirm the bug C. Assign the same bug to another developer D. Send to the detailed information of the bug encountered and check the reproducibility  18. The primary goal of comparing a user manual with the actual behavior of the running program during system testing is to   A. Find bugs in the program B. Check the technical accuracy of the document C. Ensure the ease of use of the document D. Ensure that the program is the latest version  19. A type of integration testing in which software elements, hardware elements, or both are combined all at once into a component or an overall system, rather than in stages.  A. System Testing  B. Big-Bang Testing  C. Integration Testing  D. Unit Testing  20. In practice, which Life Cycle model may have more, fewer or different levels of development and testing, depending on the project and the software product. For example, there may be component integration testing after component testing, and system integration testing after system testing.   A. Water Fall Model  B.V-Model  C. Spiral Model  D. RAD Model  21. Which technique can be used to achieve input and output coverage? It can be applied to human input, input via interfaces to a system, or interface parameters in integration testing.  A. Error Guessing  B. Boundary Value Analysis  C. Decision Table testing  D. Equivalence partitioning  22. There is one application, which runs on a single terminal. There is another application that works on multiple terminals. What are the test techniques you will use on the second application that you would not do on the first application?   A. Integrity, Response time  B. Concurrency test, Scalability C. Update & Rollback, Response time  D. Concurrency test, Integrity  23. You are the test manager and you are about the start the system testing. The developer team says that due to change in requirements they will be able to deliver the system to you for testing 5 working days after the due date. You can not change the resources(work hours, test tools, etc.) What steps you will take to be able to finish the testing in time. (   A. Tell to the development team to deliver the system in time so that testing activity will be finish in time. B. Extend the testing plan, so that you can accommodate the slip going to occur C. Rank the functionality as per risk and concentrate more on critical functionality testing D. Add more resources so that the slippage should be avoided  24. Item transmittal report is also known as   A. Incident report  B. Release note  C. Review report  D. Audit report  25. Testing of software used to convert data from existing systems for use in replacement systems  A. Data driven testing  B. Migration testing  C. Configuration testing  D. Back to back testing  26. Big bang approach is related to   A. Regression testing  B. Inter system testing C. Re-testing  D. Integration testing  27. Cause effect graphing is related to the standard   A. BS7799  B. BS 7925/2  C. ISO/IEC 926/1  D. ISO/IEC 2382/1  28. “The tracing of requirements for a test level through the layers of a test documentation” done by   A. Horizontal tracebility  B. Depth tracebility C. Vertical tracebility  D. Horizontal & Vertical tracebilities  29. A test harness is a  A. A high level document describing the principles, approach and major objectives of the organization regarding testing B. A distance set of test activities collected into a manageable phase of a project C. A test environment comprised of stubs and drives needed to conduct a test D. A set of several test cases for a component or system under test   30. You are a tester for testing a large system. The system data model is very large with many attributes and there are a lot of inter dependencies with in the fields. What steps would you use to test the system and also what are the efforts of the test you have taken on the test plan   A. Improve super vision, More reviews of artifacts or program means stage containment of the defects. B. Extend the test plan so that you can test all the inter dependencies C. Divide the large system in to small modules and test the functionality D. Test the interdependencies first, after that check the system as a whole  31. Change request should be submitted through development or program management. A change request must be written and should include the following criteria.  I. Definition of the change II. Documentation to be updated III. Name of the tester or developer IV. Dependencies of the change request.  A. I, III and IV B. I, II and III C. II, III and IV D. I, II and IV   32. ‘Entry criteria’ should address questions such as   I. Are the necessary documentation, design and requirements information available that will allow testers to operate the system and judge correct behavior. II. Is the test environment-lab, hardware, software and system administration support ready? III. Those conditions and situations that must prevail in the testing process to allow testing to continue effectively and efficiently. IV. Are the supporting utilities, accessories and prerequisites available in forms that testers can use  A. I, II and IV  B. I, II and III  C. I, II, III and IV  D. II, III and IV.  33. “This life cycle model is basically driven by schedule and budget risks” This statement is best suited for  A. Water fall model  B. Spiral model  C. Incremental model  D. V-Model  34. The bug tracking system will need to capture these phases for each bug.   I. Phase injected II. Phase detected III. Phase fixed IV. Phase removed  A. I, II and III B. I, II and IV C. II, III and IV D. I, III and IV  35. One of the more daunting challenges of managing a test project is that so many dependencies converge at test execution. One missing configuration file or hard ware device can render all your test results meaning less. You can end up with an entire platoon of testers sitting around for days.  Who is responsible for this incident?  A. Test managers faults only B. Test lead faults only C. Test manager and project manager faults D. Testers faults only  36. System test can begin when?   I. The test team competes a three day smoke test and reports on the results to the system test phase entry meeting II. The development team provides software to the test team 3 business days prior to starting of the system testing III. All components are under formal, automated configuration and release management control  A. I and II only  B. II and III only  C. I and III only  D. I, II and III  37. Test charters are used in ________ testing   A. Exploratory testing B. Usability testing C. Component testing D. Maintainability testing   Answers:  1 (A) 2 (C) 3 (A) 4 (C) 5 (B) 6 (A) 7 (B) 8 (A) 9 (A) 10 (C) 11 (C) 12 (A) 13 (B) 14 (B) 15 (D) 16 (C) 17 (D) 18 (B) 19 (B) 20 (B) 21 (D) 22 (C)23 (C)24 (B) 25 (B) 26 (D) 27 (B) 28 (A) 29 (C) 30 (A) 31 (D) 32 (A) 33 (D) 34 (B) 35 (A) 36 (D) 37 (A)