ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 29 1. A test plan defines a) What is selected for testing b) Objectives and results c) Expected results d) Targets and misses  2. Test planning should begin a) At the same time that requirement definitions begins b) When building starts c) When code build is complete d) After shipping the first version  3. Risk analysis talks about a) The data required for testing, the infrastructure requirements to manage the data as well as the methods for preparing test data, requirements, converters and sources b) Details what types of tests must be conducted, what stages of testing are required and outlines the sequence and timing of tests c) A testing goal. It is a statement of what the tester is expected to accomplish or validate during a testing activity. These guide the development of test cases and procedures d) None of the above  4.The following defines the statement of what the tester is expected to accomplish or validate during testing activity a) Test scope b) Test objective c) Test environment d) None of the above  5.One technique of Black Box testing is Equivalence Partitioning. In a program statement that accepts only one choice from among 10 possible choices, numbered 1 through 10, the middle partition would be from ________ to ___________ a) 4 to 6 b) 0 to 10 c) 1 to 10 d) None of the above  6. What are the 2 major components taken into consideration with risk analysis? a) The probability the negative event will occur b) The potential loss of impact associated  with the event c) Both a and b d) Neither a nor b  7. Following are some of the testing taks a) Budget, Test environment b) Budget, Number of qualified test resources c) Budget, Number of qualified test resources, Test environment d) None of the above  8. Cost of quality is a) Prevention costs b) Appraisal costs c) Failure costs d) All of the above  9. Which of the following metrics involves defects reported by client a) Test efficiency b) Test effectiveness c) Test Coverage d) None of the above  10. Security concerns are important for which type of applications. a) A product advertisement website b) A requirements tracking database c) An e-commerce website d) An employment application  11. Testing responsiveness Tester 1- Verify that the program is able to display images clearly on all 10 of the monitors in the tab Tester 2- Make sure the program instructions are easy to use Security concerns are important for which type of applications. Tester 3 – Verify that the calculation module works correctly by using both scripts and ad hoc testing. Which term is used to refer to the testing that is performed by Tester 3 in the above scenario? a) Unit testing b) Algorithm specific testing c) Compatibility testing d) Black box testing  12.As a tester, what is your main objective in reviewing a requirement document? a) To ascertain that each requirement is traceable to a business need b) To ascertain that each requirement is both testable and uniquely identifiable c) To ascertain that each requirement is traceable to a business need, testable, and uniquely identifiable d) To ascertain that each requirement is uniquely identifiable  13.What is the common limitation of automated testing? a) They are not useful for performance testing b) They cannot be used for requirement validation c) It is very difficult for automated scripts to verify a wide range of application responses. d) They are not useful when requirements are changing frequently  14.Formal testing guidelines suggest which one of the following as the correct source of functional test cases?  a) The developer’s knowledge of what the software can do b) The software design c) The software requirements d) The tester’s knowledge of what the software should do e) The functional test procedures  15.What is the concept of introducing a small change to the program and having the effects of that change show up in some test? a) Desk checking b) Debugging a program c) A mutation error d) Performance testing e) Introducing mutations  16.Test effort estimation uses which of the following techniques a) Function point method b) Test case point method c) Use case point method d) All of the above  17.What is the verification process in software development? a) The probability that undesirable things will happen such as loss of human life or large financial losses b) The process of monitoring the software to ensure full compliance with established standards and procedures c) The process of trying to discover every conceivable fault of weakness in a work product. d) The process of evaluating a system of component to determine whether or not the products of a given developement phase satisfy the conditions imposed at the start of that phase e) The process of evaluating a system or component during or at the end of the sales process to determine whether or not it satisfies specified requirements  18.From a testing perceptive, what results in the clicking of a button? a) An interface event b) A sound c) A text item d) A bio-metric event e) An internal processing event  19.Testing design mainly emphasizes all the following except a) Data planning b) Test procedures planning c) Mapping the data and test cases d) Data synchronisation  20.Which type of testing is performed to test applications across different browsers and OS? a) Static testing b) Performance testing c) Compatibility testing d) Functional testing  21.Which document helps  you to track test coverage? a) Traceability Matrix b) Test plan c) Test log d) Test summary report  22.Which type of test would you perform to accept a build a) Beta test b) Smoke test c) Functional test d) User acceptance test  23.Detecting a defect at which of the following stage is most economical? a) Design b) Build c) Testing d) Deployment  24.If the application is complex, but NOT data intensive and is to be tested on one configuration and 2 rounds, the easiest method to test is a) Manual testing b) Automation testing c) Both d) None  25.Functional testing is mostly a) Validation techniques b) Verification techniques c) Both of the above d) None of the above  26.Most imprecise definition for quality is a) Fitness for use b) Meeting customers expectations c) Completeness of requirements d) Efficient and effective product  27.System testing include all the following except a) Performance services b) Security services c) Usability services d) Monitoring services 28.Function points are used for estimating a) Size b) Effort c) Cost d) None of the above  29.Size of a project is defined in terms of all the following except a) Person days b) Person hours c) Calendar months d) None of the above  30.Deliverable of test design phase include all of the following except a) Test data b) Test data plan c) Test summary report d) Test procedure plan  31.Which of the following in not decided in the test-planning phase? a) Schedules and deliverable b) Hardware and software c) Entry and exit criteria d) Types of test case  32.Compatibility testing for products involves all the following except a) Certified and supported client environments b) High and low level sanity testing c) Client and server side testing d) Functional and non-functional compatibility  33.Evaluating business importance and testing the core business cases in an application is called a) Risk based testing b) High level sanity testing c) Low level sanity testing d) Regression testing  34.Regression testing mainly helps in a) Retesting fixed defects b) Checking for side-effects of fixes c) Checking the core gaps d) Ensuring high level sanity  35.Load testing emphasizes on performance under load while stress testing emphasizes on a) Breaking load b) performance under stress c) Performance under load d) There is no such difference, both are same  36.Which of the following is not a form of performance testing?  a) Spike testing b) Volume testing c) Transaction testing d) Endurance testing  37.Which of the following is not a type of test under phases in testing life cycle? a) Integration test b) Load test c) User Acceptance test d) Beta test  38.Test efficiency is always directly proportional to a) Product Delivery b) Functional Coverage c) Product Reliability d) Product Cost  39.Per economics of testing – optimum test is suggested because a) Number of defects decrease along with extent of testing b) Number of defects increase along with extent of testing c) Cost of testing increases with the extent of testing d) Cost of testing increases with the number of defects  40.In a V-model of software testing, UAT plans are prepared during the  a) Analysis phase b) HLD phase c) LLD phase d) System Testing phase  Answers: Q.1-B Q.2-A Q.3-D Q.4-B Q.5-C Q.6-C Q.7-C Q.8-D Q.9-B Q.10-C Q.11-D Q.12-C Q.13-D Q.14-C Q.15-E Q.16-D Q.17-D Q.18-A Q.19-D Q.20-C Q.21-A Q.22-B Q.23-A Q.24-A Q.25-A Q.26-B Q.27-D Q.28-A Q.29-C Q.30-C Q.31-D Q.32-B Q.33-B Q.34-B Q.35-A Q.36-C Q.37-D Q.38-C Q.39-C Q.40-A 