ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 31 1. File Integrity falls under a. compliance testing b. disaster testing c. verifying compliance to rules d. functional testing e. ease of operations  2.Operations testing is a. compliance tesitng b. disaster testing c. verifying compliance to rules d. functional testing e. ease of operatins  3.Security falls under a. compliance testing b. disaster testing c. verifying compliance to rules d. functional testing e. ease of operations  4.Portability falls under a. compliance testing b. disaster testing c. verifying compliance to rules d. fuctional testing e. ease of operations  5.What are the four attributes to be present in any test problem? a. statement, criteria, effect and cause b. priority, fix, schedule and report c. statement, fix effect and report d. none of the above  6.Which is not the Phase of SDLC? a. Initiation Phase b. Defintion Phase c. Planning Phase d. Programming and Training Phase  7.Comparision of the expected benefit versus the cost of the solution is done in which phase of SDLC? a. Defintion Phase b. Design Phase b. Initiation Phase d. Implementation Phase  8.Who is the policy/oversight participant in SDLC? a. Project Manager b. Contracting Office c. Information Technology Manager d. Information Resorces Management Official  9. Who reviews proposed procurement for sufficiency in the acquisition and installation of the Off-the-Self Software?  a. Sponsor / User b. Project Manager c. IT Manger d. All of the Above  10. “V” testing process is a. System development process and system test process begins b. Testing starts after coding is done c. Do procedures are followed by Check procedures d. Testing starts after the prototype is done  11. Validation is  a. Execute test b. Review code c. Desk check d. Audit  12. Which is not in sequence in 11 Step Software Testing process a. Assess development plan and status b. Develop the test plan c. Test software design d. Test software requirement  13. Structural testing is a. Requirements are properly satisfied by the application b. Uncover errors during “Coding” of the program c. Functions works properly d. To test how the business requirements are implemented.  14. Functional testing is a. Path testing b. Technology has been used properly c. Uncover errors that occurs in implementing requirements. d. Uncover errors in program unit.  15. Structural testing is NOT a. Installation testing b. Stress testing c. Recovery testing d. Compliance testing  16.Stress testing transaction can be obtained from a. Test Data generators b. Test transactions created by the test group c. Transactions previously processed in the production evironment d. All of the above.  17.Who will assess vulnerability in the system a. Internal Control Officer b. System Security Officer c. QA Engineer d. Test Manager  18.What is the structure testing process a. Parallel b. Regression c. Stress d. Intersystem  19.What is Risk analysis? a. Evaluating risks b. Evaluating Controls c. Evaluating vulnerabilities d. All of the above  20.Major component of Risk Analysis are a. The probability that the negative event will occur b. The potential loss is very high c. The potential loss or impact associated with the event  21. Method of conducting Risk Analysis is a. Use your judgment b. Use your instict c. Cost of failure d. All of the above  22.Which is not Testing Risk a. Budget b. Number of qualified test resources c. Sequence and increments of code delivery d. Inadequately tested applications  23.If abnormal termination type X occurs 100 times per year, and the loss per occurrence is $500, then the loss associated with the risk is $50,000. What methods of measuring the magnitude of risk I am using? a. Judgment b. Annual loss expectation estimation c. Risk Formula d. Consensus  24. What is Cascading error? a. Unrelated errors b. Triggers a second unrelated error in another part c. A functionality could not be tested d. Two similar errors  25. Configuration defects will be introduced if a. Environment is not stable b. Environment does not mirror test environment c. Environment does not mirror production environment d. All of the above  26. Quality Risk is a. Requirement comply with methodology b. Incorrect result will be produced c. Result of the system are unreliable d. Complex technology used.  27. Risk control objectives are established in a. Design phase b. Requirement Phase c. Testing Phase d. Implementation Phase  28. Which of the following is not Risk characteristic a. Inherent in every project b. Neither intrinsically good not bad c. Something to fear but not something to manage d. Probability of loss  29. Application developed should fit user’s business process. The components of fit are a. Data b. People c. Structure d. All of the above  30. Which is not the responsibility of customer/ user of the software a. Plan how and by whom each acceptance activity will be performed b. Prepare the acceptance plan c. Prepare resource plan d. Plan resources for providing information on which to base acceptance decisions  31.In preparation for developing the acceptance criteria, the user should a. Know the defects in the application b. Acquire the basis knowledge of the application for which the system is intended c. Understand the risks and benefits of the development methodology that is to be used in correcting the software system d. Know new enhancement and basic understanding of how the application is implemented in users organization  32.Acceptance requirements that a system should meet is a. Usability b. Understandablity c. Functionality d. Enhancements  33.Testing techniques that can be used in acceptance testing are a. Structural b. Functional c. Usability d. A and B e. B and C  34.For final software acceptance testing, the system should include a. Delivered software b. All user documents c. Final version of other sofware deliverables d. All of the above  35.Accepatance testing means a. Testing performed on a single stand-alone module or unit of code b. Testing after changes has been made to ensure that no unwanted changes were introduced c. Testing to ensure that the system meets the need of the organization and end user. d. Users test the application in the developers environment  36.Acceptance tests are normally conduced by the a. Developers b. End users c. Test team d. System engineers  37. Which is not test result data a. Test factors b. Interface objective c. Platform d. Test estimation  38. What type of test that will be conducted during the execution of tests, which will be based on software requirements. What category of status data I am looking? a. Test Result b. Test Transaction c. Defects d. Efficiency  39. Summary (project)status report provides a. General view of a project b. General view of all the projects c. Detailed view of all the projects d. Detailed information about a project  40. Project status report provides a. General view of a project b. General view of all the projects c. Detailed view of all the projects d. Detailed information about a project  Answers: Q.1-D Q.2-E Q.3-A Q.4-B Q.5-A Q.6-C Q.7-C Q.8-D Q.9-A Q.10-A Q.11-A Q.12-C Q.13-B Q.14-C Q.15-B Q.16-D Q.17-A Q.18-C Q.19-D Q.20-D Q.21-D Q.22-D Q.23-C Q.24-B Q.25-D Q.26-A Q.27-B Q.28-C Q.29-D Q.30-C Q.31-C Q.32-C Q.33-D Q.34-D Q.35-C Q.36-B Q.37-D Q.38-B Q.39-B Q.40-D   