ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 32 1. What is not the primary data given by the tester in test execution a. Total number of tests b. Number of test cases written for change request c. Number of test executed to date d. Number of tests executed successfully to date  2. Do the current project results meet the performance requirements? Which section of Project Status Report I should look for: a. Vital Project Information b. General Project Information c. Project Activities Information d. Essential Elements Information  3. Which is a section of Summary status report a. Vital project information b. Essential elements information c. Project activities information  d.Time Line Information  4.Test Result data is a. Test Transactions b. Test events c. Business objectives d. Reviews  5.What types of efficiench can be evaluated during testing? a. Software system b. Testing c. Development d. A and C e. A and B  6.Who is essentially responsible for the quality of a product? a. Customer b. QA Manager c. Development Manager d. Test Manager  7.What are the 3 costs that make up the Cost of Quality? a. Prevention, Appraisal, Failure b. Appraisal, Developement, Testing c. Testing, Prevention, rework d. Failure, Prevention, Testing  8.What are expected production costs? a. labor, materials, and equipment b. personnel, training, and rollout c. training, testing, user-acceptance  9.Appraisal costs are: a. Costs associated with preventing errors b. Costs associated with detection of errors c. Costs associated with defective products delivered to customers  10.An example of a Failure Cost is: a. Training b. Inspections c. Rework  11. If you could build a 0 defect product, would there be any costs involved? If yes, what costs? a. Preventive costs, but they are minimally involved b. No costs will be involved c. Failure costs  12. How many Deming principles are there? a. 10 b. 14 c. 5 d. 7  13. How many levels are in the CMM? a. 18 b. 3 c. 4 d. 5  14. The Pareto analysis is most effective for: a) Ranking items by importance b) Showing relationships between items Measuring the impact of identified items  15. What is COTS? a. Commercial On-the-shelf software b. Commercial off-the-shelf software c. Common Offshore testing Software  16. What is the purpose of code coverage tools? a. They are used to show the extent to which the logic in the program was executed during testing. b. They are used as an alternative to testing c. They are used to compile the program  17.Four examples of test specific metrics. a. Testing  Effort variation, Defect Density, Testing Efficiency, Requirements tested. b. Inspection, review efficiency, Testing Effort variation, Defect Density c. Test scalability, Defect deviation, Testing Efficiency, Schedule variation  18.Give one commonly recognized size measurement tool. a. Effort analysis b. LCO Analysis c. LOC Analysis d. Code Analysis  19.Give three components included in a system test report. a. Description of Testing; resource requirement; and Recommendation b. Testing requirements; defects; and usability c. Description of test results and finding(defects); Summary(environment and references; and Recommendation)  20.Reviews is what category of cost of quality? a. preventive b. Appraisal c. Failure  21.The largest cose of quality is from production failure a. True b. False  22. Defects are least costly to correct at what stage of the development cycle? a. Requirements b. Analysis and Design c. Construction d. Implementation  23. The purpose of software testing is to: a. Demonstrate that the application works properly b. Detect the defects c. Validate the logical design  24. _________must be developed to describe when and how testing will occur. a. Test Strategy b. Test Plan c. Test Design d. High Level document  25. It is difficult to create test scenarios for high-level risks a. True b. False  26. __________ testing assumes that the path of logic in a unit or program is known. a. Black Box testing b. Performance Testing c. White Box testing d. Functional testing  27. _________ test is conducted at the developer’s site by a customer. a. Beta b. System c. Alpha d. None of the above  28. Juran is famous for a. Quality Control b. Working on Trend Analysis c. Pareto d. Fish Bone Diagram  29.Software testing activities should start a. As soon as the code is written b. During the design stage c. When the requirements have been formally documented d. As soon as possible in the development lifecycle  30.Non statistical tools are used in the a. Work Practice process b. Benchmarking process c. Both A and B d. None of the above  31.Quality Function deploement(QFD) is a a. Statistical tool b. Non statistical tool c. Development tool d. None of the above  32.The sequence of the four Phases involved in Bench marking process is a. Action, Planning, Integration, Analysis b. Planning, Analysis, Integration, Action c. Analysis, Planning, Integration, Action d. Analysis, Action, Planning, Integration  33.Defect Density is calculated by a. Total no. of Defects/Effort b. Valid Defects/ Total no. of Defect c. Invalid Defects/ Valid Defects d. Valid Defects/ Effort  34.Effort Variation is calculated by a. (Planned-Actual)/Actual b. (Actual-Planned)/Actual c. (Actual-Planned)/Planned d. (Planned-Actully)/Planned  35.Percentage Rework is calculated by a. (Review effort + Rework effort)/Actual Effort expended b. (Review effort + Rework effort)/Actual Effort expended c. Rework Effort/Planned Effort d. Rework Effort/Actual Effort expanded  36. The ______________ is an application of process management and quality improvement concepts to software development and maintenance. a. Malcolm Baldridge b. ISO 9000 c. SEI/CMM d. QS14000  37. A quantitative measurement used to determine the test completion is a. Defect measurement b. Requirements coverage c. Statistical Analysis  38. The categories of Error Oriented Techniques are a. Statistical assessment and Error-based testing b. Error-based testing and Fault based testing. c. Fault based testing and Statistical assessment d. Statistical assessment, Error-based testing and Fault based testing.  39. The following factors should be considered for the Test Tool selection 1.Test Phase 2.Test Objective 3.Test Technique 4.Test Deliverable a. 1 & 2 b. 1,2,3 & 4 c. 2 & 3 d. 1,2 & 3  40. Equivalence partitioning consists of various activities: a. Ensure that test cases test each input and output equivalence class at least once b. Identify all inputs and all outputs c. Identify equivalence classes for each input d. All of the above  Answers: Q.1-B Q.2-D Q.3-D Q.4-C Q.5-E Q.6-C Q.7-A Q.8-A Q.9-B Q.10-C Q.11-A Q.12-B Q.13-D Q.14-A Q.15-B Q.16-A Q.17-A Q.18-C Q.19-C Q.20-B Q.21-A Q.22-A Q.23-A Q.24-B Q.25-A Q.26-C Q.27-C Q.28-A Q.29-D Q.30-B Q.31-B Q.32-B Q.33-A Q.34-C Q.35-D Q.36-C Q.37-B Q.38-D Q.39-B Q.40-D   