ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 13 1. The process starting with the terminal modules is called - a. Top-down integration b. Bottom-up integration c. None of the above d. Module integration  2. The inputs for developing a test plan are taken from a. Project plan b. Business plan c. Support plan d. None of the above  3. If an expected result is not specified then: a. We cannot run the test b. It may be difficult to repeat the test c. It may be difficult to determine if the test has passed or failed d. We cannot automate the user inputs  4. Which of the following could be a reason for a failure 1) Testing fault 2) Software fault 3) Design fault 4) Environment Fault 5) Documentation Fault a. 2 is a valid reason; 1,3,4 & 5 are not b. 1,2,3,4 are valid reasons; 5 is not c. 1,2,3 are valid reasons; 4 & 5 are not d. All of them are valid reasons for failure  5. Test are prioritized so that: a. You shorten the time required for testing b. You do the best testing in the time available c. You do more effective testing d. You find more faults  6. Which of the following is not a static testing technique a. Error guessing b. Walkthrough c. Data flow analysis d. Inspections  7. Which of the following statements about component testing is not true? a. Component testing should be performed by development b. Component testing is also known as isolation or module testing c. Component testing should have completion criteria planned d. Component testing does not involve regression testing  8. During which test activity could faults be found most cost effectively? a. Execution b. Design c. Planning d. Check Exit criteria completion  9. Which, in general, is the least required skill of a good tester? a. Being diplomatic b. Able to write software c. Having good attention to detail d. Able to be relied on  10. The purpose of requirement phase is a. To freeze requirements b. To understand user needs c. To define the scope of testing d. All of the above  11. Verification is: a. Checking that we are building the right system b. Checking that we are building the system right c. Performed by an independent test team d. Making sure that it is what the user really wants  12. A regression test: a. Will always be automated b. Will help ensure unchanged areas of the software have not been affected c. Will help ensure changed areas of the software have not been affected d. Can only be run during user acceptance testing  13. Function/Test matrix is a type of a. Interim Test report b. Final test report c. Project status report d. Management report  14. Defect Management process does not include a. Defect prevention b. Deliverable base-lining c. Management reporting d. None of the above  15. What is the difference between testing software developed by contractor outside your country, versus testing software developed by a contractor within your country? a. Does not meet people needs b. Cultural difference c. Loss of control over reallocation of resources d. Relinquishments of control  16. Software testing accounts to what percent of software development costs? a. 10-20 b. 40-50 c. 70-80 d. 5-10  17. A reliable system will be one that: a. Is unlikely to be completed on schedule b. Is unlikely to cause a failure c. Is likely to be fault-free d. Is likely to be liked by the users  18. How much testing is enough a. This question is impossible to answer b. The answer depends on the risks for your industry, contract and special requirements c. The answer depends on the maturity of your developers d. The answer should be standardized for the software development industry  19. Which of the following is not a characteristic for Testability? a. Operability b. Observability c. Simplicity d. Robustness  20. Cyclomatic Complexity method comes under which testing method. a. White box b. Black box c. Green box d. Yellow box  21. Which of these can be successfully tested using Loop Testing methodology? a. Simple Loops b. Nested Loops c. Concatenated Loops d. All of the above  22. To test a function, the programmer has to write a ______, which calls the function and passes it test data. a. Stub b. Driver c. Proxy d. None of the above  23. Equivalence partitioning is: a. A black box testing technique used only by developers b. A black box testing technique than can only be used during system testing c. A black box testing technique appropriate to all levels of testing d. A white box testing technique appropriate for component testing  24. When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by: a. A small team to establish the best way to use the tool b. Everyone who may eventually have some use for the tool c. The independent testing team d. The vendor contractor to write the initial scripts  25. Inspections can find all the following except a. Variables not defined in the code b. Spelling and grammar faults in the documents c. Requirements that have been omitted from the design documents d. How much of the code has been covered  Answers: 1)- b 2)- a 3)- c 4)- d 5)- b 6)- a  7)- d 8 )- c 9) - b 10) - d 11) -b  12) - b 14) - b  15) - b 16) - b 17) - b 18) - b 19) - d 20) - a 21) - d 22) - b 23) - c 24) - a 25) - d 