ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 30 1.Verification performed without any executable code is referred to as  a) Review b) Static testing c) Validation d) Sanity testing  2.If Quality Control and Quality Assurance are compared a) Both are literally the same b) QA is a higher activity in the management Hierarchy c) QC ia a higher activity in the management Hierarchy d) QA is done by the client and QC si done by the software vendor  3.The extent of automation for a given project is generally guided by a) Scope for automation b) Tool support c) Business Functionality d) Vendor's skills  4.Test data planning essentially includes a) Network b) Operational Model c) Boundary value analysis d) Test Procedure Planning  5.Which of the following is not a client side statistics in load testing a) Hits per second b) Throughput c) Cache hit ratio d) Transaction per second  6.Feasibility study is more imoprtant before load testing a) Web Applications b) Client-server applications c) Mainframe applications d) Citrix applications  7.Which one of the following need not be part of the bug tracker? a) Bug identifier b) One line bug description c) Severity of the bug d) None of the above  8.Which of the following approach needs to be taken if there are a large number of defects being found in the software? 1. Try continuing testing and logging the critical defects. 2. Immediately stop testing the product. 3. Inform the lead/manager providing proper documentation 4. Continue testing in the normal manner a) 1 and 3 b) 3 and 4 c) 2 only d) 3 only  9.What if the application has functionality that wasn't in the requirements? a) Ignore testing that functionality b) Continue to test the functionality and report the results c) Update the Project Manager with the details and the risk involved d) None of the above  10.What are the key features to be concentrated upon when doing a testing for world wide web sites a) Interaction between html pages b) Performance on the client side c) Security aspects d) All of the above  11.What if the project isn't big enough to justify extensive testing? a) Use risk based analysis to find out which areas need to be tested b) Use automation tool for testing c) a and b d) None of the above  12.The selection of test cases for regression testing a) Requires knowledge on the bug fixes and how it affect the system b) Includes the area of frequent defects c) Includes the area which has undergone many/recent code changes d) All of the above  13.What are the main attributes of test automation 1. Time saving 2. Correctness 3. Less Manpower 4. More reliable a) 1 and 2 b) 2 and 3 c) 1, 2 , 3 and 4 d) None of the above  14.Some of the common problems of test automation are a) Changing requirements b) Lack of time c) Both a and b d) None of the above  15.Some of the metrics which are collected in a testing project are Productivity Test effectiveness Requirement stability Bug fix rate a) 1 and 2 b) 2 and 3 c) 1,2, and 4 d) 1 and 4  16.Test Suit Manager a) A tool that specifies an order of actions that should be performed during a test session b) A software package that cretes test transactions for testing application systems and programs c) A tool that allows testers to recognize test script by function or other grouping d) None of the above  17.Baseline means a) A single software product that may or may not fully support a business function b) A quantitative measure of the current level of performance c) A test or analysis coducted after an application is moved into production d) None of the above  18.A document describing any event during the testing process that requires investigation a) Test log b) Test Incident report c) Test Cycle d) Test Item  19.The purpose of this event is to review the application user interface and other human factors of the application with the people who will be using the application. a) User Acceptance test b) Usablity test c) Validation d) None of the above  20.What is used to measure the characteristics of the documentation and code? a) Process metrics b) Product metrics c) Software Quality metrics d) None of the above  21.Use of an executable model to represent the behavior of an object is called a) Simulation b) Software item c) Software feature d) None of the above  22.Benchmarking is  a) Comparing your company’s products services or processes against best practices or competitive practices to help define superior performance of a product service or support process. b) A quantitative measure of the current level of performance c) A test or analysis conducted after an application is moved into production c) None of the above  23.Recovery testing is a system test that forces the software to fail and verifies that data recovery is properly performed.  The following should be checked for correctness  1. Re-initialization 2. Restart 3. Data Recovery 4. Check Point Mechanism a) 1 and 2 b) 1, 2 and 3 c) 1, 2, 3 and 4 d) 2 and 4  24.UAT is different from other testing types normally because of a) Data b) Cycles c) Defects d) None of the above  25.Alpha testing is differentiated from Beta testing by a) The location where the tests are conducted. b) The types of test conducted c) The people doing the testing d) The degree to which white box techniques are used  26. What is the need for test planning a) to utilize a balance of testing techniques b) to understand testing process c) to collect metrics d) to perform ad hoc testing.  27. Which of the following is NOT a part of Test plan document? a. assumptions b) communication approach c) risk analysis d) status report  28. Which part of Test plan will define 'What will and will not be covered in the test'? a) test scopt b) test objective c) both a & b d) none of the above  29. Test objective is simply a testing a) direction b) vision c) mission d) goal  30. Which out of the below is NOT  a concern for testers to complete a test plan a) not enough tranining b) lack of test tools c) enough time for testing d) rapid change  31.The effort taken to create a test plan shoule be a) half of the total test effort b) one-third of the total test efforts c) two times of the total test effort d) one-fifth of the total test effort  32.What do you mean by 'Having to say NO' a) No, the problem is not with testers b) No, the software is not ready for production c) Both a and b d) none of the above  33.Tools like change Man, Clear case are used as a) functional automation tools b) performance testing tools c) configuration management tools d) none of the above  34.In Life cycle approach to testing, test execution occurs a) during testing phase b) during requirement phase c) during coding phase d) none of the above  35. Who is responsible for conducting test readiness review? a. Test manager b. Test engineer c. both A & B d. Project Manager  36. What is NOT a test log? a. Maps the test results to requirements b. Records test activities c. Maintains control over the test d. Contains pass or fail results.  37. When Integration testing should begin a. during black-box testing b. once unit testing is complete for the integrating components c. Before unit testing is complete d. All of the above  38. Which is NOT a part of integration testing  a. Validation of the links between the clients and server b. Output interface file accuracy c. back-out situations d. none of the above.  39. When to stop testing?  a. When all quality goals defined at the start of the project have been met. b. When running short of time c. When all test cases are executed d. all the above  40. Authorization _________  a. compliance testing b. disaster testing c. verifying compliance to rules d. functional testing e. ease of operations  Answers: Q.1-B Q.2-C Q.3-A Q.4-C Q.5-C Q.6-A Q.7-D Q.8-A Q.9-C Q.10-D Q.11-A Q.12-D Q.13-C Q.14-C Q.15-C Q.16-C Q.17-B Q.18-B Q.19-B Q.20-B Q.21-A Q.22-A Q.23-C Q.24-A Q.25-A Q.26-A Q.27-D Q.28-A Q.29-D Q.30-C Q.31-B Q.32-B Q.33-C Q.34-D Q.35-A Q.36-A Q.37-B Q.38-D Q.39-A Q.40-C  