ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 28 1.System Testing team is responsible for  a) Performing the data validations b) Performing the Usability Testing c) Performing the Beta Testing d) None of the above  2.Testing Process comprised of  a) Test Plan and Test Cases b) Test log and Test Status c) Defect Tracking d) All of the above 3.Localisation Testing a) Testing performed for local functions b) Testing across different languages c) Testing across different locations d) None of the above  4.Object Oriented Testing a) Same as Top-Down Testing b) Same as Bottom-Up Testing c) Same as Hybrid Testing d) All of the above  5.Smoke Testing a) To find whether the hardware burns out b) Same as build verification test c) To find that software is stable d) None of the above  6.Test Plan a) Road map for testing b) Tells about the acutal results and expected results c) Both a and b d) None of the above  7.Test Script a) written version of test cases b) Code used in manual testing c) Always used  when we use tools d) A code segment to replace the test case  8.Test Procedure a) collection of test plans b) combination of test plan and test cases c) collection of test cases d) none of the above  9.Code Walkthrough a) a type of dynamic testing b) type of static testing c) neither dynamic nor static d) performed by the testing team  10.Static Analysis a) same as static testing b) done by the developers c) both a and b d) none of the above  11.User Acceptance Testing a) same as Alpha Testing b) same as Beta Testing c) combination of Alpha and Beta Testing d) none of the above  12.State which of the one is false a) In performance testing, usage of tool is a must b) In database testing, database knowledge is a must. c) In Functional Testing, knowledge of business logic is a must d) none of the above.  13.State which one is true. Collection of testing metrics contributes a) in the improvement of testing b) Affects tester’s growth. c) Used against a developer d) none  14.Random Testing a) Program is tested randomly sampling the input. b) A black-box testing technique c) Both a and b d) None of the above.  15.Error seeding a) Evaluates the thoroughness with which a computer program is tested by purposely inserting errors into a supposedly correct program. b) Errors inserted by the developers intentionally to make the system malfunctioning. c) Neither a or b d) Both a and b 16.Metrics collected during testing includes a) System test cases planned/executed/passed b) Discrepancies reported/resolved c) Staff hours d) All of the above  17.Manual Testing a) at least performed one time b) need to be executed before going for automation c) both a and b d) neither a or b  18.What is the use of Affinity Diagram? a) A group process that takes large amount of language data such as a list developed by brainstorming and divides it into categories b) A test or analysis conducted after an application is moved into production to determine whether it is likely to meet the originating business case. c) A test method that requires that each possible branch on each decision point be executed at least once. d) None of the above  19.The following best describes the defect density: a) ratio of failure reports received per unit of time. b) ratio of discoved errors per size of code. c) number of modifications mede per size of code. d) number of failures reported against the code.  20.Which of the following technique is the most suitable for negative testing a) Boundary value analysis b) Internal value analysis c) State transition testing d) All of the above  21. Unit, Integration and System testing being replaced by ________ using object oriented software testing concepts  a) classing testing, Object Integration testing, System testing b) Statement coverage, Branch coverage , Condition coverage c) All of the above d) None of the above  22. What is the relationship between equivalence partitioning and boundary value analysis techniques a) Structural testing b) Opaque testing c) Compatibility testing d) All of the above  23. Which statement is relevant for test driver (Testing concepts) a) A program that directs the execution of another program against a collection of test data sets. Usually the test driver also records and organizes the output generated as the tests are run. b) A document that identifies test items and includes current status and location information. c) A document describing any event during the testing process that requires investigation d) A software item that is an object of testing.  24. Which of the following best describes validation (Testing concepts) a) Determination of the correctness of the final program or software produced from a development project with respect to the user needs and requirements. b) A document that describes testing activities and results and evaluates the corresponding test items c) Test data that lie within the domain of the function represented by the program d) All of the above  25. Coverage based analysis is best described as: (Test artifacts) a) A metric used to show the logic covered during a test session providing insight to the extent of testing. b)A tool for documenting the unique combinations of conditions and associated results in order to derive unique test cases for validation testing. c)Tools for documenting defects as they are found during testing and for tracking their status through to resolution. d)The most traditional means for analyzing a system or a program  26.Which of the following best describes the difference between clear box and opaque box? Clear box is structural testing, opaque box is functional testing Clear box is done by tester, and opaque box is done by developer Ad-hoc testing is a type of opaque box testing a) 1 only b) 1 and 3 c) 2 d) 3  27. How do you test a module for integration? a) Big bang approach b) Pareto analysis c) Cause and Effect diagram d) Scatter diagram  28. 80:20 rule can also called as a) a Fish bone diagram b) bPareto analysis c) cScatter diagram d) dHistogram  29.Suggest an alternative for requirement traceability matrix a) a.Test Coverage matrix b) b.Average defect aging c) c.Test Effectiveness d) d.Error discovery rate  30.What can be done to minimize the reoccurrence of defects a) a.Defect Prevention plan b) b.Defect tracking c) c.Defect Management d) d.All of the above  31.Review is one of the methods of V&V. The other methods are a) Inspection b) Walkthough c) Testing d) All of the above  32. What needs to be done when there is an insufficient time for testing (Test Mgmt) 1)Do Ad-hoc testing 2)Do usability testing 3)Do sanity testing 4)Do a risk based analysis to prioritize a) 1 and 2 b) 3 & 4 c) All of the above d) None of the above  33. What is the scenario in which automation testing can be done: (Automation) Application is stable Usability testing is to be done The project is short term Long term project having numerous releases a) 1 b) 1 & 4 c) 1 & 2 d) 2 & 3  34. Choose the best match for cyclomatic complexity (Test Execution) a) The number of decision statements plus one. b) A set of Boolean conditions such that complete test sets for the conditions uncover the same errors c) The process of analyzing and correcting syntactic logic and other errors identified during testing d) None of the above  35. According to Crosby, it is less costly to (Quality) a) let the customer find the defects. b) detect defects than to prevent them. c) prevent defects than to detect them. d) ignore minor defects  36. Which of the following is LEAST likely to be used during software maintenance? a) Project management plan b) Customer support hot line c) Software problem reports d) Change control board 37.Which of the following reviews are required in order to ensure proper tracking of software between phases of a project? 1.Product feasibility 2.Software requirements 3.Software design 4.Acceptance test a) I and II only b) II and III only c) I, II, and III only d) II, III, and IV only  38.How can it be known when to stop testing? a) When no more bugs can be found b) When the time allocated is over c) When the quality goals set up for testing have been achieved d) All of the above  39.What can be done if requirements are changing continuously? a) Work with the project's stakeholders early on to understand how requirements might change so that alternate test plans and strategies can be worked out in advance, if possible. b) Negotiate to allow only easily-implemented new requirements into the project, while moving more difficult new requirements into future versions of the application c) Both a and b d) None of the above  40.The goal of software testing is to a) Debug the system b) Validate that the system behaves as expected c) Let the developer know the defects injected by him d) Execute the program with the intent of finding errors  Answers: Q.1-D Q.2-D Q.3-B Q.4-D Q.5-B Q.6-A Q.7-D Q.8-C Q.9-B Q.10-C Q.11-C Q.12-D Q.13-A Q.14-C Q.15-A Q.16-D Q.17-C Q.18-A Q.19-B Q.20-D Q.21-A Q.22-B Q.23-A Q.24-A Q.25-A Q.26-B Q.27-A Q.28-B Q.29-A Q.30-D Q.31-D Q.32-B Q.33-B Q.34-A Q.35-C Q.36-A Q.37-D Q.38-C Q.39-C Q.40-B   