ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 7   1. ___________ Testing will be performed by the people at client own locations (1M)  A. Alpha testing  B. Field testing  C. Performance testing  D. System testing  2. System testing should investigate (2M) A. Non-functional requirements only not Functional requirements B. Functional requirements only not non-functional requirements C. Non-functional requirements and Functional requirements D. Non-functional requirements or Functional requirements  3. Which is the non-functional testing (1M)  A. Performance testing  B. Unit testing  C. Regression testing  D. Sanity testing  4. Who is responsible for document all the issues, problems and open point that were identified during the review meeting (2M)  A. Moderator  B. Scribe  C. Reviewers  D. Author  5. What is the main purpose of Informal review (2M)  A. Inexpensive way to get some benefit  B. Find defects  C. Learning, gaining understanding, effect finding D. Discuss, make decisions, solve technical problems  6. Purpose of test design technique is (1M)  A. Identifying test conditions only, not Identifying test cases B. Not Identifying test conditions, Identifying test cases only C. Identifying test conditions and Identifying test cases D. Identifying test conditions or Identifying test cases  7. ___________ technique can be used to achieve input and output coverage (1M)  A. Boundary value analysis  B. Equivalence partitioning C. Decision table testing  D. State transition testing   8. Use cases can be performed to test (2M)  A. Performance testing  B. Unit testing C. Business scenarios  D. Static testing  9. ________________ testing is performed at the developing organization’s site (1M)  A. Unit testing  B. Regression testing C. Alpha testing  D. Integration testing  10. The purpose of exit criteria is (2M)  A. Define when to stop testing B. End of test level C. When a set of tests has achieved a specific pre condition D. All of the above  11. Which is not the project risks (2M)  A. Supplier issues  B. Organization factors  C. Technical issues  D. Error-prone software delivered  12. Poor software characteristics are (3M)  A. Only Project risks B. Only Product risks C. Project risks and Product risks D. Project risks or Product risks  13. ________ and ________ are used within individual workbenches to produce the right output products. (2M)  A. Tools and techniques  B. Procedures and standards C. Processes and walkthroughs  D. Reviews and update  14. The software engineer's role in tool selection is (3M)  A. To identify, evaluate, and rank tools, and recommend tools to management B. To determine what kind of tool is needed, then find it and buy it C. To initiate the tool search and present a case to management D. To identify, evaluate and select the tools  15. A _____ is the step-by-step method followed to ensure that standards are met (2M)  A. SDLC  B. Project Plan  C. Policy  D. Procedure  16. Which of the following is the standard for the Software product quality (1M)  A. ISO 1926 B. ISO 829 C. ISO 1012 D. ISO 1028  17. Which is not the testing objectives (1M)  A. Finding defects B. Gaining confidence about the level of quality and providing information C. Preventing defects. D. Debugging defects  18. Bug life cycle (1M)  A. Open, Assigned, Fixed, Closed B. Open, Fixed, Assigned, Closed C. Assigned, Open, Closed, Fixed D. Assigned, Open, Fixed, Closed  19. Which is not the software characteristics (1M)  A. Reliability  B. Usability  C. Scalability  D. Maintainability  20. Which is not a testing principle (2M)  A. Early testing  B. Defect clustering  C. Pesticide paradox  D. Exhaustive testing  21. ‘X’ has given a data on a person age, which should be between 1 to 99. Using BVA which is the appropriate one (3M)  A. 0,1,2,99  B. 1, 99, 100, 98  C. 0, 1, 99, 100  D. –1, 0, 1, 99  22. Which is not the fundamental test process (1M)  A. Planning and control  B. Test closure activities C. Analysis and design D. None  23. Which is not a Component testing (2M)  A. Check the memory leaks  B. Check the robustness  C. Check the branch coverage  D. Check the decision tables  24. PDCA is known as (1M)  A. Plan, Do, Check, Act  B. Plan, Do, Correct, Act C. Plan, Debug, Check, Act  D. Plan, Do, Check, Accept  25. Contract and regulation testing is a part of (2M)  A. System testing  B. Acceptance testing  C. Integration testing  D. Smoke testing  26. Which is not a black box testing technique (1M)  A. Equivalence partition  B. Decision tables C. Transaction diagrams  D. Decision testing   27. Arc testing is known as (2M)  A. Branch testing  B. Agile testing C. Beta testing  D. Ad-hoc testing  28. A software model that can’t be used in functional testing (2M)  A. Process flow model B. State transaction model C. Menu structure model D. Plain language specification model  29. Find the mismatch (2M)  A. Test data preparation tools – Manipulate Data bases B. Test design tools – Generate test inputs C. Requirement management tools – Enables individual tests to be traceable D. Configuration management tools – Check for consistence   30. The principle of Cyclomatic complexity, considering L as edges or links, N as nodes, P as independent paths (2M)  A. L-N +2P B. N-L +2P C. N-L +P D. N-L +P  31. FPA is used to (2M)  A. To measure the functional requirements of the project B. To measure the size of the functionality of an Information system C. To measure the functional testing effort D. To measure the functional flow  32. Which is not a test Oracle (2M)  A. The existing system (For a bench mark) B. The code C. Individual’s knowledge D. User manual  33. Find the correct flow of the phases of a formal review (3M)  A. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Kick off B. Planning, Individual preparation, Kick off, Rework C. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Follow up D. Planning, Individual preparation, Follow up, Kick off  34. Stochastic testing using statistical information or operational profiles uses the following method (3M)  A. Heuristic testing approach  B. Methodical testing approach C. Model based testing approach D. Process or standard compliant testing approach  35. A project that is in the implementation phase is six weeks behind schedule. The delivery date for the product is four months away. The project is not allowed to slip the delivery date or compromise on the quality standards established for this product. Which of the following actions would bring this project back on schedule? (3M)  A. Eliminate some of the requirements that have not yet been implemented. B. Add more engineers to the project to make up for lost work. C. Ask the current developers to work overtime until the lost work is recovered. D. Hire more software quality assurance personnel.  36. One person has been dominating the current software process improvement meeting. Which of the following techniques should the facilitator use to bring other team members into the discussion? (3M)  A. Confront the person and ask that other team members be allowed to express their opinions. B. Wait for the person to pause, acknowledge the person’ s opinion, and ask for someone else’ s opinion. C. Switch the topic to an issue about which the person does not have a strong opinion. D. Express an opinion that differs from the person’ s opinion in order to encourage others to express their ideas.  37. Maintenance releases and technical assistance centers are examples of which of the following costs of quality? (3M)  A. External failure B. Internal failure C. Appraisal D. Prevention  Answers:  1 B 2 C 3 A 4 B 5 A 6 C 7 B 8 C 9 C 10 D 11 D 12 B 13 B 14 A 15 D 16 A 17 D 18 A 19 C 20 D 21 C 22 D 23 D 24 A 25 B 26 D 27 A 28 C 29 D 30 A 31 B 32 B 33 C 34 C 35 A 36 B 37 A