ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 20 Q. 1: The inputs for developing a test plan are taken from A. Project plan  B. Business plan  C. Support plan D. None of the above  Q. 2: To test a function, the programmer has to write a   , which calls the function and passes it the test data. A. Stub B. Driver C. Proxy D. None of the above  Q. 3: Which of the following is not a static testing technique A. Error guessing B. Walkthrough C. Data flow analysis D. Inspections  Q. 4: Which of the following statements about component testing is not true? A. Component testing should be performed by development B. Component testing is also known as isolation or module testing C. Component testing should have completion criteria planned D. Component testing does not involve regression testing  Q. 5: Inspections can find all the following except A. Variables not defined in the code B. Spelling and grammar faults in the documents C. Requirements that have been omitted from the design documents D. How much of the code has been covered  Q. 6: Which of the following is not a characteristic for Testability? A. Operability B. Observability C. Simplicity D. Robustness  Q. 7: Software testing accounts to what percent of software development costs? A. 10-20 B. 40-50 C. 70-80 D. 5-10  Q. 8: Equivalence partitioning is: A. A black box testing technique used only by developers B. A black box testing technique than can only be used during system testing C. A black box testing technique appropriate to all levels of testing D. A white box testing technique appropriate for component testing  Q. 9: If an expected result is not specified then: A. We cannot run the test B. It may be difficult to repeat the test C. It may be difficult to determine if the test has passed or failed D. We cannot automate the user inputs  Q. 10: How much testing is enough A. This question is impossible to answer B. The answer depends on the risks for your industry, contract and special requirements C. The answer depends on the maturity of your developers D. The answer should be standardized for the software development industry  Q. 11: The purpose of requirement phase is A. To freeze requirements B. To understand user needs C. To define the scope of testing D. All of the above  Q. 12: Which of these can be successfully tested using Loop Testing methodology? A. Simple Loops B. Nested Loops C. Concatenated Loops D. All of the above  Q. 13: Cyclomatic Complexity method comes under which testing method. A. White box  B. Black box  C. Green box  D. Yellow box  Q. 14: A reliable system will be one that: A. Is unlikely to be completed on schedule B. Is unlikely to cause a failure C. Is likely to be fault-free D. Is likely to be liked by the users  Q. 15: Which, in general, is the least required skill of a good tester? A. Being diplomatic B. Able to write software C. Having good attention to detail D. Able to be relied on  Q. 16: A regression test: A. Will always be automated B. Will help ensure unchanged areas of the software have not been affected C. Will help ensure changed areas of the software have not been affected D. Can only be run during user acceptance testing  Q. 17: Function/Test matrix is a type of A. Interim Test report B. Final test report C. Project status report D. Management report  Q. 18: The process starting with the terminal modules is called: A. Top-down integration  B. Bottom-up integration  C. None of the above D. Module integration  Q. 19: Verification is: A. Checking that we are building the right system  B. Checking that we are building the system right  C. Performed by an independent test team D. Making sure that it is what the user really wants  Q. 20: The difference between re-testing and regression testing is A. Re-testing is running a test again; regression testing looks for unexpected side effects  B. Re-testing looks for unexpected side effects; regression testing is repeating those tests  C. Re-testing is done after faults are fixed; regression testing is done earlier D. Re-testing uses different environments, regression testing uses the same environment  E. Re-testing is done by developers, regression testing is done by independent testers  Q. 21: Testing should be stopped when: A. All the planned tests have been run B. Time has run out C. All faults have been fixed correctly D. Both A. and C. E. I depends on the risks for the system being tested  Q. 22: Which of the following is the main purpose of the integration strategy for integration testing in the small? A. To ensure that all of the small modules are tested adequately B. To ensure that the system interfaces to other systems and networks C. To specify which modules to combine when and how many at once D. To ensure that the integration testing can be performed by a small team E. To specify how the software should be divided into modules  Q.223: Which of the following is NOT part of configuration management: A. Status accounting of configuration items B. Auditing conformance to ISO9001 C. Identification of test versions D. Record of changes to documentation over time E. controlled library access  Q. 24:Regression testing should be performed: v) Every week w) After the software has changed  x) As often as possible y) When the environment has changed  z) Wwhen the project manager says  A. v & w are true, x – z are false B. w, x & y are true, v & z are false C. w & y are true, v, x & z are false D. w is true, v, x y and z are false E. All of the above are true  Q. 25: A tool that supports traceability, recording of incidents or scheduling of tests is called: A. A dynamic analysis tool B. A test execution tool C. A debugging tool D. A test management tool E. A configuration management tool  Q. 26: The cost of fixing a fault: A. Is not important B. Increases as we move the product towards live use C. Decreases as we move the product towards live use D. Is more expensive if found in requirements than functional design E. Can never be determined  Q. 27: Order numbers on a stock control system can range between 10000 and 99999 inclusive. Which of the following inputs might be a result of designing tests for only valid equivalence classes and valid boundaries: A. 1000, 5000, 99999 B. 9999, 50000, 100000 C. 10000, 50000, 99999 D. 10000, 99999 E. 9999, 10000, 50000, 99999, 10000  Q. 28: When what is visible to end-users is a deviation from the specific or expected behavior, this is called: A. An error B. A fault C. A failure D. A defect E. A mistake  Q. 29: Which expression best matches the following characteristics or review processes: 1. Led by author 2. Undocumented 3. No management participation 4. Led by a trained moderator or leader 5. Uses entry exit criteria  s) Inspection t) Peer review u) Informal review v) Walkthrough  A. s = 4, t = 3, u = 2 and 5, v = 1 B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1 C. s = 1 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 4 D. s = 5, t = 4, u = 3, v = 1 and 2 E. s = 4 and 5, t = 1, u = 2, v = 3  Q. 30: Given the following: Switch PC on Start "outlook" IF outlook appears THEN Send an email Close outlook  A. 1 test for statement coverage, 1 for branch coverage  B. 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage  C. 1 test for statement coverage. 3 for branch coverage  D. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage  E. 2 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage  Q. 31: Test managers should not: A. Report on deviations from the project plan B. Sign the system off for release C. Re-allocate resource to meet original plans D. Rise incidents on faults that they have found E. Provide information for risk analysis and quality improvement  Q. 32: Which of the following is NOT part of system testing: A. Business process-based testing B. Performance, load and stress testing C. Requirements-based testing D. Usability testing E. Top-down integration testing  Q. 33: When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by: A. A small team to establish the best way to use the tool B. Everyone who may eventually have some use for the tool C. The independent testing team D. The managers to see what projects it should be used in E. The vendor contractor to write the initial scripts  Q. 34: Which of the following is not part of performance testing: A. Measuring response time B. Measuring transaction rates C. Recovery testing D. Simulating many users E. Generating many transactions  Q. 35: What is the purpose of test completion criteria in a test plan: A. To know when a specific test has finished its execution  B. To ensure that the test case specification is complete  C. To set the criteria used in generating test inputs D. To know when test planning is complete E. To plan when to stop testing  Q. 36: Given the following code, which is true:  IF A > B THEN C = A – B ELSE C = A + B ENDIF Read D  IF C = D Then Print "Error" ENDIF  A. 1 test for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage  B. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage  C. 2 tests for statement coverage. 3 for branch coverage  D. 3 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage  E. 3 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage  Q. 37: Unreachable code would best be found using: A. Code reviews B. Code inspections C. A coverage tool D. A test management tool E. A static analysis tool  Q. 38: What information need not be included in a test incident report: A. How to fix the fault B. How to reproduce the fault C. Test environment details D. Severity, priority E. The actual and expected outcomes  Q. 39: Which of the following is NOT included in the Test Plan document of the Test Documentation Standard: A. Test items (i.e. software versions)  B. What is not to be tested C. Test environments D. Quality plans E. Schedules and deadlines  Q. 40: IEEE 829 test plan documentation standard contains all of the following except: A. Test items B. Test deliverables C. Test tasks D. Test environment E. Test specification  Answers:  Q.1-A Q.2-B Q.3-A Q.4-D Q.5-D Q.6-D Q.7-B Q.8-C Q.9-C Q.10-B Q.11-D Q.12-D Q.13-A Q.14-B Q.15-B Q.16-B Q.17-C Q.18-B Q.19-B Q.20-A Q.21-E Q.22-C Q.23-B Q.24-C Q.25-E Q.26-B Q.27-C Q.28-C Q.29-B Q.30-B Q.31-C Q.32-E Q.33-A Q.34-C Q.35-E Q.36-B Q.37-A Q.38-A Q.39-D Q.40-E  