ISTQB Foundation Sample Question Paper No. 27 Q. 1: Consider the following statements: i.100% statement coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage.  ii.100% branch coverage guarantees 100% statement coverage. iii.100% branch coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage.  iv.100% decision coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage. v.100% statement coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage. A. ii is True; i, iii, iv & v are False B. i & v are True; ii, iii & iv are False  C. ii & iii are True; i, iv & v are False  D. ii, iii & iv are True; i & v are False  Q. 2: What is the difference between a project risk and a product risk? A. Project risks are potential failure areas in the software or system; product risks are risks that surround the project’s capability to deliver its objectives. B. Project risks are the risks that surround the project’s capability to deliver its objectives; product risks are potential failure areas in the software or system. C. Project risks are typically related to supplier issues, organizational factors and technical issues; product risks are typically related to skill and staff shortages. D. Project risks are risks that delivered software will not work; product risks are typically related to supplier issues, organizational factors and technical issues.  Q. 3: During which fundamental test process activity do we determine if MORE tests are needed? A Test implementation and execution.  B Evaluating test exit criteria. C Test analysis and design. D Test planning and control.  Q. 4: What is the MAIN purpose of a Master Test Plan? A. To communicate how incidents will be managed.  B. To communicate how testing will be performed.  C. To produce a test schedule. D. To produce a work breakdown structure.  Q. 5: Which of the following defines the sequence in which tests should be executed? A. Test plan. B. Test procedure specification.  C. Test case specification. D. Test design specification.  Q. 6: Which of the following is a major task of test planning? A. Determining the test approach.  B. Preparing test specifications. C. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting. D. Measuring and analyzing results.  Q. 7: What is the main purpose of impact analysis for testers? A. To determine the programming effort needed to make the changes.  B. To determine what proportion of the changes need to be tested. C. To determine how much the planned changes will affect users. D. To determine how the existing system may be affected by changes.  Q. 8: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid: An employee has £4000 of salary tax free. The next £1500 is taxed at 10%. The next £28000 after that is taxed at 22%. Any further amount is taxed at 40%.To the nearest whole pound, which of these is a valid Boundary Value Analysis test case?  A. £28000. B. £33501. C. £32001.  D. £1500.  Q. 9: Which of the following tools is most likely to contain a comparator? A. Dynamic Analysis tool.  B. Test Execution tool. C. Static Analysis tool. D. Security tool.  Q. 10: When software reliability measures are used to determine when to stop testing, the best types of test cases to use are those that A. Exercise system functions in proportion to the frequency they will be used in the released product B. Push the system beyond its designed operation limits and are likely to make the system fail C. Exercise unusual and obscure scenarios that may not have been considered in design D. Exercise the most complicated and the most error-prone portions of the system  11: Load Testing Tools  a) reduces the time spent by the testers b) reduces the resources spent (hardware) c) mostly used in web testing d) all of the above  12: Test coverage analysis is the process of a) Creating additional test cases to increase coverage b) Finding areas of program exercised by the test cases c) Determining a quantitative measure of code coverage, which is a direct measure of quality. d) All of the above.  13: Critical in Web Testing a) Performance and Functionality b) Functionality and usability c) Usability and Performance d) None of the above  14: Class testing a) require a driver to test b) no need of instances of other classes c) no need to test the transitions d) all of the above.  15: Defect Tracking a) is the communication channel between test team and development team b) is the communication channel between testing team and the rest of the team c) is the communication channel between the testing team and end users d) all of the above  16: Essential Testing Skills are a) Test Planning, Risk Management, Tool Usage, Test Execution, Defect Management b) Test Planning, Tool Usage, Test Execution, Defect Management, Test Measurement c) Test Planning, Tool Usage, Test Execution, Defect Management  d) Test Planning, Tool Usage, Test Execution, Defect Management, Test Case Design  17: Testing across different languages is called a) Linguistic Testing b)Localization Testing c) Both a and b d) None of the above.  18: Hierarchial System a) several levels of component that includes objects and classes b) several levels of component that includes objects, classes, systems c) several levels of component that includes, foundation component, systems d) none of the above.  19: Hybrid Testing a) combination of one or more testing techniques b) Combination of top-down and bottom-up testing c) Both a and b d) None of the above.  20: White Box Testing a) same as glass box testing b) same as clear box testing c) both a and b d) none of the above.  21: Build Verification Test a) same as smoke test b) done after each build to make sure that the build doesn’t contain major errors c) both a and b d) None of the above.  22: Content Testing a) similar to proof reading b) widely used in web testing c) part of usability testing d) All of the above.  23: Decision Coverage. a) Testing  Boolean expressions which are not in control structures. b) entire expression is considered as boolean expression irrespective of logical-and and logical-or operators c) coverage except switch-statement cases, exception handlers  d) all of the above.  24: Branch Coverage (Testing concepts) a) another name for decision coverage b) another name for all-edges coverage c) another name for basic path coverage d) all the above  25: The following example is a if (condition1 && (condition2 || function1())) statement1; else statement2; (Testing concepts) a) Decision coverage b) Condition coverage c) Statement coverage d) Path Coverage  26:Test cases need to be written for a) invalid and unexpected conditions b) valid and expected conditions c) both a and b d) none of these  27:Desk Checking a) same as code walkthrough b) same as code inspection c) verification of code by the developers d) none of the above.  28: Path coverage includes a) statement coverage b) condition coverage c) decision coverage d) none of these  29: Tools usage a) very helpful in regression testing b) saves time c) helpful in simulating Users d) all the above  30: Which is a true prevention mechanism a) verifying that the executable contains a defect b) detecting that the executable contains a defect c) validating that the specified requirements are right, complete, achievable, reasonable, testable. D) verifying that the specified requirements are right, complete, achievable, reasonable, testable  31: Objective of review meetings is a) b) to solve the problems with design c) both a and b d) none of the above.  32: The benefits of glass box testing are a) Focused Testing, Testing coverage, control flow b) Data integrity, Internal boundaries, algorithm specific testing c) Both a and b d) Either a or b  33: Structural Testing a) same as black box testing b) same as white box testing c) same as functional testing d) none of the above.  34: Characteristics of a good test a) reasonable probability of catching an error and can be redundant b) it is not simple or too complex c) reasonable probability of catching an error and cannot be redundant d) it is either too simple or too complex.   35: Find the Equivalence class for the following test case Enter a number to test the validity of being accepting the numbers between 1 and 99 a)    All numbers < 1 b)    All numbers > 99 c)     Number = 0 d)    All numbers between 1 and 99  36: Find the invalid equivalence class for the following test case Draw a line up to the length of 4 inches a) Line with 1 dot-width b) Curve c) line with 4 inches d) none of the above.  37:Testing user documentation involves a) Improved usability, reliability, maintainability b) Install-ability, scalability, liability c) Both a and b d) None of the above.  38: Sources of regression test cases are a) boundary tests and other preplanned tests. b) Tests that reveal bugs in the program c) Customer reported bugs d) All of the above  39:Identify which one is an internal failure a) Delaying tester’s access to areas of the code b) Replacement with updated product c) Training programmers to make or miss fewer bugs d) Testing by Tech. Support  40: Identify which one is a load condition a) Lost messages b) Task starts before its prerequisites are met. c) Lost or out of sync messages d) Early end of string  Answers: Q.1-D Q.2-B Q.3-B Q.4-B Q.5-B Q.6-A Q.7-D Q.8-B Q.9-B Q.10-A Q.11-D Q.12-A Q.13-C Q.14-A Q.15-D Q.16-C Q.17-B Q.18-D Q.19-B Q.20-C Q.21-C Q.22-D Q.23-B Q.24-D Q.25-A Q.26-C Q.27-C Q.28-C Q.29-D Q.30-D Q.31-A Q.32-C Q.33-B Q.34-C Q.35-D Q.36-B Q.37-C Q.38-D Q.39-A Q.40-A   to identify problems with design